readme.md, before:

# Welcome to Deep Thought!
## The modular, self-hosted, open-source Discord bot.
### Introduction

Deep Thought is exactly what the subtitle suggests - it's a modular, self-hosted, python-based open-source Discord bot. This project was made possible with the use of [Discord.py](https://discordpy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

### Dependencies

1. [Discord.py](https://discordpy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

### Installation and Execution

Getting started with Deep Thought;

1. You must be either the server owner, or an administrator to add the bot to the server.
1. You will need to setup a new [Discord Bot Application](https://discord.com/developers/applications). Your bot will require Admin privileges to operate properly, if you prefer your bot to not have admin roles we recommend removing the kick and ban modules, following the 'Adding Extensions' section below in reverse.
1. Once your bot is created, you will want to navigate to the OAuth2 tab and get an invite link, set the Scopes to `bot` and Permissions to `Administrator`, copy the link, paste in a new tab, and add your bot to the server of your choice.
1. Next go back to the Bot tab, and under the Username, click to reveal your token, and keep note of it (but keep it safe and secret!).
1. Now you can clone this git repository. Create a new file at the root of it called `token`, and paste your bot's token. Save this file but keep it secret - it will be used to authenticate and log the bot in - anyone who has access to this file or the key can do malicious things on your server.
1. With the token in place, you can now run `python3 bot.py` in the root of the directory. The bot will load any extensions, and log in. To verify the bot is working simply run `|help` in your server and you should receive a response.

### Adding Extensions

If you would like to add your own extensions to Deep Thought, please follow the guide below. It is a relatively simple process.

1. Create a new file at the root of the Deep Though directory call `extra-extensions.txt`.
1. Create a new folder in the root of the Deep Thought directory, and add your extension(s) to that folder. Ensure your extensions use a .py file format.
1. Open your newly-created `extra-extensions.txt` file and add your extension to the list, using the following format: `foldername.filename` - do not include the .py file extension.
1. You can take a look at the `main-extensions.txt` file for an example, but **please do not edit this file**.

Commit message:

Added database! It really works!

readme.md, after:

# Welcome to Deep Thought!
## The modular, self-hosted, open-source Discord bot.
### Introduction

Deep Thought is exactly what the subtitle suggests - it's a modular, self-hosted, python-based open-source Discord bot. This project was made possible with the use of [Discord.py](https://discordpy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

### Dependencies

1. [Discord.py](https://discordpy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

### Installation and Execution

Getting started with Deep Thought;

1. You must be either the server owner, or an administrator to add the bot to the server.
1. You will need to setup a new [Discord Bot Application](https://discord.com/developers/applications). Your bot will require Admin privileges to operate properly, if you prefer your bot to not have admin roles we recommend removing the kick and ban modules, following the 'Adding Extensions' section below in reverse.
1. To ensure the database works correctly, please ensure you enable both Presence Intent and Server Members Intents under the `bot` tab.
1. Once your bot is created, you will want to navigate to the OAuth2 tab and get an invite link, set the Scopes to `bot` and Permissions to `Administrator`, copy the link, paste in a new tab, and add your bot to the server of your choice.
1. Next go back to the Bot tab, and under the Username, click to reveal your token, and keep note of it (but keep it safe and secret!).
1. Now you can clone this git repository. Create a new file at the root of it called `token`, and paste your bot's token. Save this file but keep it secret - it will be used to authenticate and log the bot in - anyone who has access to this file or the key can do malicious things on your server.
1. With the token in place, you can now run `python3 bot.py` in the root of the directory. The bot will load any extensions, and log in. To verify the bot is working simply run `|help` in your server and you should receive a response.

### Adding Extensions

If you would like to add your own extensions to Deep Thought, please follow the guide below. It is a relatively simple process.

1. Create a new file at the root of the Deep Though directory call `extra-extensions.txt`.
1. Create a new folder in the root of the Deep Thought directory, and add your extension(s) to that folder. Ensure your extensions use a .py file format.
1. Open your newly-created `extra-extensions.txt` file and add your extension to the list, using the following format: `foldername.filename` - do not include the .py file extension.
1. You can take a look at the `main-extensions.txt` file for an example, but **please do not edit this file**.
